reading_list.md, before:

# Hellofresh - Golang Reading List

Welcome to our golang reading list. If you are new to golang we recomend going through our getting started links.

## Getting Started
- https://golangbot.com/learn-golang-series/, great concise and complete serie about the language
- https://www.golang-book.com/books/intro
- https://tour.golang.org/welcome/1
- https://golang.org/doc/
- https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html
- https://github.com/golang/go/wiki

## Tips
- https://gobyexample.com/

## Advanced Topics
- http://peter.bourgon.org/go-best-practices-2016/
- https://divan.github.io/posts/avoid_gotchas/
- https://medium.com/@Martynas/formatting-date-and-time-in-golang-5816112bf098

## Books
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/the-go-programming/9780134190570/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-programming-blueprints/9781786468949/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-in-action/9781617291784/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-in-practice/9781633430075/

## Talks / Videos
- https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ (Just for func by Francesc Campoy)
- https://www.udemy.com/learn-how-to-code Go for beginners by Todd McLeod  (Paid)
- https://www.udemy.com/go-programming-language/ Web Development with Go by Todd McLeod (Paid)
- https://www.youtube.com/user/toddmcleod
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/introducing-go/9781491941997/ Introducing Go

## Blogs
- https://www.goinggo.net/ (Bill Kennedy)
- https://dave.cheney.net/

## Podcasts
- https://changelog.com/gotime

Commit message:

Adds an amazing golang worshop

reading_list.md, after:

# Hellofresh - Golang Reading List

Welcome to our golang reading list. If you are new to golang we recomend going through our getting started links.

## Getting Started
- https://golangbot.com/learn-golang-series/, great concise and complete serie about the language
- https://www.golang-book.com/books/intro
- https://tour.golang.org/welcome/1
- https://golang.org/doc/
- https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html
- https://github.com/golang/go/wiki

## Tips
- https://gobyexample.com/

## Advanced Topics
- http://peter.bourgon.org/go-best-practices-2016/
- https://divan.github.io/posts/avoid_gotchas/
- https://medium.com/@Martynas/formatting-date-and-time-in-golang-5816112bf098

## Books
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/the-go-programming/9780134190570/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-programming-blueprints/9781786468949/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-in-action/9781617291784/
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/go-in-practice/9781633430075/

## Talks / Videos
- https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ (Just for func by Francesc Campoy)
- https://www.udemy.com/learn-how-to-code Go for beginners by Todd McLeod  (Paid)
- https://www.udemy.com/go-programming-language/ Web Development with Go by Todd McLeod (Paid)
- https://www.youtube.com/user/toddmcleod
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/introducing-go/9781491941997/ Introducing Go
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/oscon-2016-/9781491958476/video284945.html (Building Amazing cross-platform command-lines apps in Go Part 1 by Steve Francia and Ashley McNamara)
- https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/oscon-2016-/9781491958476/video284946.html (Building Amazing cross-platform command-lines apps in Go Part 2 by Steve Francia and Ashley McNamara)

## Blogs
- https://www.goinggo.net/ (Bill Kennedy)
- https://dave.cheney.net/

## Podcasts
- https://changelog.com/gotime
